fix(docs): Update server hosting informations (#1788)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/docs/3.features/2.deployment-targets.md

We are also exposing `process.target` for module authors to add logic depending on the user target.
::

> ## Server Hosting (Using nodejs as a webserver backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server Hosting (Using Node.js as a webserver backend)
```

> ## Server Hosting (Using Node.js as a webserver backend)

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine as was...
```suggestion
## Server Hosting
```

> Server Hosting is hosting that requires a nodejs webserver and is intended for SSR applications or applications that are using [serverMiddleware](/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-servermiddleware). Server-side rendering otherwise known as SSR means that your page is rendered through a nodejs webserver environment when it is requested by the user. When the user opens your page in a browser the browser sends a request to the nodejs webserver requesting that page. The page is rendered on the server and sent back to the browser with all its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server Hosting is hosting that requires a NodeJS webserver and is intended for SSR applications or applications that are using [serverMiddleware](/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-servermiddleware). Server-side rendering otherwise known as SSR means that your page is rendered through a NodeJS webserver environment when it is requested by the user. When the user opens your page in a browser the browser sends a request to the nodejs webserver requesting that page. The page is rendered on the server and sent back to the browser with all its content.
```

> Server Hosting is hosting that requires a Node.js webserver and is intended for SSR applications or applications that are using [serverMiddleware](/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-servermiddleware). Server-side rendering otherwise known as SSR means that your page is rendered through a Node.js webserver environment when it is requested by the user. When the user opens your page in a browser the browser sends a request to the Node.js webserver requesting that page. The page is rendered on the server and sent back to the browser with all its content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Server hosting means running Nuxt on a Node.js server. When the user opens your page, their browser will request that page from the server. Nuxt will handle the request, render the page and send back the resulting page with all its content.

You might need server hosting if you want to render HTML on each request rather than in advance at generate-time, or if you need [serverMiddleware](/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-servermiddleware). 

::alert{type="info"}
You can still run Nuxt with server hosting with `ssr: false` but Nuxt will not fully render the HTML for each page - leaving that task to the browser. You might choose this option if you need serverMiddleware but do not want fully server-side rendered HTML.
::
```

> For server hosting the target of server is used, which is the default value. With SSR you use the `build` command to build your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For server hosting, `target: 'server'` is used, which is the default value. You will use the `build` command to build your application.
```
